---
layout: post
title: "How to Win an Election: The Essential Role of Recruitment"
date: 2020-01-30 12:00:00 -400
categories: [advice,campaign]
description: "Discover the pivotal strategy for Republicans to win challenging races by focusing on recruitment to build a robust campaign, inspired by successful examples and powered by the Filpac system."
tags: "political campaigns, recruitment strategies, winning elections, Filpac system, voter engagement, campaign advice, Republican strategies"
---


## The Core Strategy

In the competitive arena of political campaigns, one strategy stands out for Republicans facing difficult races: **Be a recruiter instead of a candidate**. This approach is succinct but profound, echoing the wisdom of Woody Hayes who famously said, "You win with people."

## Success Stories

Dave Brat's remarkable victory over Eric Cantor in the 2014 Virginia Congressional primary underscores the power of recruitment. Brat's success was not solely due to his stance on immigration, turnout strategies, or tactical maneuvers. Instead, it was his ability to recruit influential figures like radio host Laura Ingraham, Mark Levin, and Glenn Beck, which significantly contributed to his rally's heavy turnout and ultimately, his electoral victory.

## The Importance of People

Recruitment is essential for raising funds and disseminating your message, especially in Democrat precincts where improving your margin is crucial for victory. Historically, Republicans have won in Democrat districts, but as political landscapes evolved, the need to carry those marginal districts has become more pressing.

## Reviving a Lost Art

With demographic shifts and the challenge of the Obama re-election highlighting the need for adaptation, Republicans must once again venture into precincts unaccustomed to GOP candidates. This guide aims to offer advice and strategies that have proven effective, even in areas where Democrats have traditionally held sway.

## The Filpac System

Designed from the outset to boost recruitment efforts, the Filpac system helps you gather and identify prospects, enhancing your ability to engage and mobilize supporters. The success of your campaign hinges on the people you recruit: without them, the campaign lacks the foundational support needed to win.

## Conclusion

Victory in elections, particularly for Republicans in challenging races, is deeply intertwined with the ability to recruit and mobilize a strong team of supporters. Leveraging tools like the Filpac system can provide a significant advantage, turning potential prospects into the cornerstone of a winning campaign.

Remember, if you win, it will be because of the people involved. Without their support, dedication, and effort, achieving electoral success is significantly more challenging.
